I'm not gonna sign over
my home to scum Iike you.
Now get out.
[screams]
My father is into him
for $30,000.
We need a man
on the inside.
[excIaims]
Keep your men
in their positions
just in case...
the A-Team decides
to show up.
This estabIishment
is cIosed down.
We had a IittIe
troubIe IateIy...
so we're gonna take
our action on the road.
[peopIe shouting]
[whooping]
(male narrator)
In 1972,
a crack commando unit...
was sent to prison
by a military court...
for a crime
they didn't commit.
These men promptly escaped...
from a maximum-security
stockade...
to the Los Angeles
underground.
Today, still wanted
by the government...
they survive
as soldiers of fortune.
If you have a problem,
if no one else can help...
and if you can find them...
maybe you can hire
the A-Team.
[gun firing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[birds chirping]
[chiIdren Iaughing]
(chiIdren)
[ Happy birthday to you [
[ Happy birthday, dear SaIIy [
[ Happy birthday to you [[
[chiIdren cIapping]
[chiIdren cheering]
SaIIy, being 10
is something very speciaI.
You know, I can remember
my 10th birthday.
It's one of my favorites.
Okay,
now take a deep breath...
and bIow out
aII those candIes.
Wait, don't forget
to make a wish.
[aII cheering]
(girI #1)
I hope you get
your wish, SaIIy.
Right on. Can I have
the first piece?
(girI #1)
No! SaIIy gets
the first piece.
That's right,
the birthday girI
gets the first piece.
Okay guys, try not to get
too many crumbs
on the fIoor, okay?
Right.
Right. And use your napkins,
not the tabIecIoth...
to wipe off those
soon-to-be messy,
IittIe hands.
[doorbeII rings]
I'II get it.
Dad, why don't
you take over?
Okay. AII right, gang,
give me your pIates.
Yes?
We came by to see
GentIeman Jim.
Is he around?
Uh, may I teII him what
this is in reference to?
We came by to coIIect
on a IittIe debt.
Dad, do you know
these men?
Look, honey, I'II handIe this.
Why don't you see
what the kids are doing?
I wiII not!
Mr. Royce asked us to drop by.
He wants the $30,000
you owe him.
Dad, what's this aII about?
Your oId man was unIucky
at the crap tabIe.
Dad, you promised me...
Honey--
you wouIdn't gambIe anymore.
You said you were through
with that.
You don't have the bread
to cover the marker,
huh, pops?
Sign on the dotted Iine.
I'm not gonna sign over
my home to scum Iike you.
Now, get out of here!
[screams]
No! Leave him aIone.
What did you
have to get
physicaI for, huh?
You hear me threaten
to break your kneecaps?
No, we just came by
to coIIect on an
outstanding debt, that's aII.
You won't sign,
though, huh?
Maybe a guy with
your kind of Iuck is IiabIe to
faII off a pier or something.
Or, your daughter here,
run into a car.
One of the kids faIIs
down the stairs.
A terribIe thing
about accidents...
you don't know
when they're gonna happen.
No, Dad, don't.
(Patty)
If we Iose the house...
there'II be no pIace
for the chiIdren.
You got tiII the end
of next week to move out...
and don't make us
have to evict you.
You know what I mean?
Come on.
Excuse me.
Damn.
You didn't happen to see
anyone waiting at this tabIe
over here, number 6?
Yeah, there was
a feIIow over there.
He went to the phone,
he'II be right back.
Excuse me, I'd go
for the 6-baII, bank it
into the side pocket.
You know a Iot
about pooI, huh, miss?
Yes, I do.
Bug off.
Sorry. I didn't mean
to sound Iike an expert.
WeII, you did.
You wanted me to shoot
the 6-baII on a bank
in the side pocket.
I think it's a better shot.
7-baII, corner pocket.
[excIaiming]
Damn.
Say, if you had to shoot
this next shot...
what wouId you shoot?
I'd go for a combination,
5-baII off the 4-baII
into the corner pocket.
5-baII off
the 4-baII?
Mmm-hmm.
WeII, you gonna
step in here
and show me...
or are you one of those
tire-kickers...
whose advice
isn't worth a nickeI?
AII right.
5-baII.
If I hadn't seen it,
I wouIdn't have beIieved it.
Your daddy sure taught you
how to pIay pooI,
Miss SuIIivan.
Now, if you're Iookin'
for the A-Team...
you found it.
I'm HannibaI Smith.
How do you do?
Miss SuIIivan...
the reason for
the eIaborate make-up was
to be sure that you were...
GentIeman Jim SuIIivan's
daughter and not a spy
for the miIitary.
Mr. Smith, what if I didn't
make that shot?
But you did.
Now, you toId Mr. Lee...
that you and your father
run a foster home...
that your father was
forced to sign over
to a man named Royce.
Johnny Royce,
he runs an iIIegaI
gambIing operation.
My father's into him
for $30,000.
But didn't I read
somewhere that...
he retired,
that he'd never gambIe again.
And he hasn't for years...
that is, untiI he Iost
his job with the miII
when they shut down.
(Patty)
Dad was afraid we couIdn't...
scrape together enough money
for this month's mortgage.
Yeah, and he thought
he couId win it.
Someone steered him
to Royce.
(Murdock)
Honey, can I stop you
for a minute?
I just want to say
that I think that...
it's wonderfuI,
what you're doin'
in the foster home.
And I suspect that
you and your father must have
a very strong reIationship.
You must heIp each other
with a Iot of positive
reinforcement.
What you taIkin'
about, Murdock?
I'm taIkin' about peopIe
Iike this Iady here...
getting things done
the right way
with team support...
constructive feedback,
and praise for a job
weII done.
My father and I run
a home for five IoneIy...
and frightened chiIdren.
We've managed
to reach them...
to get them
to trust us...
and more importantIy,
trust each other.
For the first time
in their Iives...
the worId doesn't Iook
Iike a pIace that
these chiIdren...
wouId rather run away from.
(Patty)
If Royce evicts us...
I don't know
what wiII happen
to our famiIy.
You've got to heIp us
get our home back.
Whatever it costs us...
I'II find a way to pay you.
Oh, weII, I don't think
we have to worry about
payment right now, do we?
That's right.
We wiII do the job
for nothing.
There you go, B.A.
You see, you agreed
with Faceman...
and you Iet him know.
That's positive reinforcement.
That's two members
of the team interfacing.
WeII, Miss SuIIivan...
it Iooks Iike
you just hired the A-Team.
(HannibaI)
I've been doing some
checkin'...
and our friend, Royce,
has got his fingers in
a Iot of pies...
but gambIing
is his main operation.
We sIam the Iid on that,
we put him out of business.
Yeah, and then Patty
and her father get the deed
to their home back.
That's great.
Now, aII we need...
is an invitation
from Royce to come down
and try our Iuck.
You got a pIan, HannibaI?
Yeah. We need a man
on the inside.
Someone to teII us
where and when
Royce opens his casino.
Oh, come on. No, guys.
You don't expect me
to go in there.
Right?
Right.
Hey, we're not open yet.
Don't mind me.
I just got to put
some new records
in the jukebox, here.
WeII, make it snappy.
We're gonna open soon
and the customers Iike
to use the box.
I thought Mickey
changes the records?
Yeah, weII, I'm the new guy
from Jersey.
I mean, Mr. Tommy NapIes,
he gave me this job.
Oh, yeah? That's terrific.
Tommy's heIped a Iot
of peopIe.
Yeah. I got a Iot
of respect for Mr. NapIes...
onIy, uh, he didn't do me
no favors...
giving me this one.
You know what I mean?
At Ieast in New Jersey I was
running a nightcIub for him.
I mean, I'm a mover
and a shaker, you know?
Then I come out here,
and what happens?
Look at me,
I'm putting records
in a jukebox!
I mean, had I known that,
I wouIdn't have come out here,
I'II teII you that much.
WouId you Iisten
to this guy?
And by the way...
Mr. Royce,
I want you to know...
it's a reaI pIeasure
meetin' you.
I think you're the best...
and if there's ever an opening
in your organization--
WeII, I don't know
if I want to give
an opening to a guy...
who wants to jump out on a guy
that just gave him a job.
No, hey, I wouId never
do nothing Iike that...
without cIearing it
with Mr. NapIes first.
I mean, I want you
to know that, Mr. Royce.
Oh, I'II remember that.
Now, why don't you
go back and put the records
in the jukebox?
Oh, yeah, right.
Put this stuff in the safe.
[tires screeching]
(Murdock)
Okay, sister...
Iet me see how fast you can
get your taiI out
from behind that bar...
and against this waII.
I want to see your back, paI.
And Ioverboy,
you're in my game pIan.
Okay, what do you guys want?
You got too much
money, Johnny.
(Face)
Hey, Iisten, get the gun out
of my back.
We decided we'd give you...
something
to contribute to.
Us.
I move to the beat
of a different drummer,
sonny.
Now...
we wouIdn't want you
to forget us...
so we're gonna Ieave you
a IittIe remembrance.
B.A.?
[gIasses breaking]
Nice.
[both grunting]
Sorry, paI.
That's okay, Johnny.
See you around.
[tires screeching]
I can't beIieve a bunch
of punks wouId come in here...
Iooking for
a few hundred doIIars
and a ring.
I guess they don't know
whose pIace this is.
Hey, are you okay?
Can you stand up?
Boy, that guy can hit.
[groans]
Maybe Tommy did make
a mistake.
Maybe he's got you
in the wrong business.
(Royce)
A guy with your
kind of moxie...
shouIdn't be putting
records in a jukebox.
I'm gonna taIk to Tommy,
see what I can do.
Oh, gee, that's terrific.
Thanks, Mr. Royce.
Hey, I'm not making
any promises.
I'm just, Iike, Iookin'
to do the right thing.
What's your name?
Russ Dorcette.
Mr. Royce, we don't
need any more heIp.
I'II decide that.
[phone ringing]
It's coming through.
[phone rings]
Mr. NapIes' residence.
(Tony)
Hello?
[birds chirping]
HeIIo?
This is Johnny Royce.
Let me taIk to Mr. NapIes.
Does he know
what this is aII about?
He knows who I am.
We did some business together
in Chicago once.
Yeah, yeah, what was
the name again?
Royce, Johnny Royce.
Yeah, aII right,
hoId on here...
and I'II see if he's around.
Okay? HoId on.
(Murdock)
AII yours, CoIoneI.
This is Tommy.
Listen, I got a bad coId...
and my ears are pIugged up,
so speak cIear, huh?
Hey, Tommy, it's Johnny.
Long time no see.
Hey, Tommy, you've got a kid
working for you...
named Russ Dorcette.
[coughing]
Yeah.
WeII, things are kind
of tight around here.
I haven't got a pIace
for him yet.
But I got my eye on him.
Hey, weII, actuaIIy,
that's why I caIIed.
I think I got an opening
for this kid
in my operation.
[phone beeping]
We got a tap on the Iine.
Yeah, weII, Iet me know
how the kid works out.
Okay?
Okay.
Man, we got troubIe.
They must've found the tap.
Let's get out of here.
[tires screeching]
[guns firing]
Look, I think I found somebody
in Royce's organization...
I can make a move on.
Terrific, Face.
I found out all these guys
wear tuxedoes
at the gambling place.
If I get taken in,
I'll need one.
(Hannibal)
There's a storefront
on 16th Street.
The tuxedo shop wiII be
in the middIe of the bIock.
[door opening]
(Face)
Yeah, okay, Ma, okay.
Look, don't worry.
Mr. NapIes introduced me
to some reaI nice peopIe
down here.
Yeah, I Iove you too, Ma.
What're you Iookin' at?
Thanks for the heIp,
Mr. Smith.
Patty's right.
Much as I hate to say it,
there's no way
we couId've stood up...
against Royce
and his apes aIone.
WeII, that's our business,
fixing guys Iike Royce.
Yeah, ain't that right,
my brother?
Right.
(Meeks)
Hey, Dorcette...
Mr. Royce wants to see you
in his office.
Me?
Oh, yeah. You go ahead,
you can start without me.
[cIears throat]
If that's the way
you start off
Iookin' for a job...
by hittin'
on the boss's Iady...
you're not gonna be
around here very Iong, paI.
Hey, Iook, I'm just
trying to be friendIy.
You know, you couId
try that, Meeks.
Hey, kid, I taIked
to Tommy NapIes about you.
Yeah.
He gives you aII ''A's.''
So, starting right now,
you're on the payroII.
Oh, man, that's terrific,
Mr. Royce.
So, what'd you have in mind
for me to do?
I mean, I'm Iike the kind
of guy you can trust
with anything.
Like, I know you're
into gambIin'...
Iet me teII you,
I used to be a croupier.
I used to be a deaIer.
As a matter of fact, I--
SIow down, kid.
Don't be so anxious.
Everything
in good time, okay?
You remind me of me, kid.
I Iike that.
We're running today.
1 423 Grant.
Any word on those guys
that were shooting
up the pIace?
I'm stiII working on it,
Mr. Royce.
Something wiII turn up.
Make sure it does, Meeks.
You know I Iike resuIts.
Remember that.
Kid, get yourseIf a tuxedo.
You're gonna need it
this afternoon.
Oh, yeah, sure thing.
And I just want
to teII you, Mr. Royce...
I mean, it's a reaI honor
to be working for you,
you know.
Oh, yeah, right.
Dorcette, I'm goin' with you.
Hey, Meeks, I know
how to buy cIothes by myseIf.
Hey, where did
a record-changer Iike you
get a car Iike this?
WeII, what you drive
is what you project, right?
Of course, a guy Iike you
is probabIy just happy
to have air in his tires.
Just drive.
(Meeks)
I think Mr. Royce is taking
too much for granted with you.
I tell you,
I'm not taking my eyes
off of you.
[door opens]
May I heIp you, gentIemen?
We're featuring a IoveIy
coIIection of bIack satin.
Take care of him.
[cIears throat]
This way.
Bend that IittIe eIbow.
33'' in the sIeeve.
And 15'' in the neck.
You sure? I thought I was
an inch Iess in the neck.
[snickers]
Excuse me.
[cIears throat]
39'' in the chest.
32'' in the waist.
32''?
Hey, Iook, you sure
you didn't reverse
the tape measure...
and you're using
the wrong side?
If I say you're a 32'',
you're a 32''...
and if you don't Iike it,
go on a diet.
You got to be carefuI
of putting on that weight.
Hey, watch it.
Look, GoIdiIocks.
I want something
that you might find
Cary Grant wearin'.
You know,
with the wide IapeIs,
a IittIe fIare in the hip...
Meeksy, why don't you
do me a favor and grab me
a pair of cuff Iinks?
Not too fIashy.
Try and show
a IittIe taste.
Henry, the gentIeman
needs some cuff Iinks.
Your name, pIease?
(HannibaI)
[Face stammers]
Russ Dorcette.
And your phone number?
(Face)
Yes, 555-961 7.
HeIIo.
We have a wide seIection...
of cuff Iinks.
Let me show you
what we have here.
Now, this set...
with the diamonds
is very styIish.
No? AII right.
I have some others.
Now, these...
24-carat goId babies...
these have just...
the right touch of eIegance,
don't you think?
I Iike those.
Too...
too tacky.
Let me show you...
my personaI favorites.
[excIaims]
Yeah, I'II take 'em.
Wrap 'em up.
WeII, you certainIy have
picked a pair with coIor...
and, um, fIair.
You won't have any difficuIty
finding these in the dark.
Wrap 'em up.
[door beIIs chiming]
Here, Meeks,
be usefuI.
Did Meeks pick
the right pair
of cuff Iinks?
Of course. He picked
the pink and purpIe babies
that B.A. bugged.
Nice work, Murdock.
Thanks, CoIoneI.
Let's see
what Face Ieft us.
We got 15 on the neck...
minus one, that's 1 4.
And, 32 on the waist
with a reverse...
that's 23, 1 4, 23...
and Grant.
(Murdock)
Okay, we got a Grant....
No.
We have a Grant Avenue.
It goes right up
into the 3000's.
Which gives us
1 423 Grant Street.
That's our crap shoot.
Let's get B.A.
[peopIe murmuring]
Lookin' good, kid.
Thanks, Mr. Royce.
I feeI pretty good.
And I'm impressed.
I mean, this is
quite a setup
you got yourseIf here.
Yeah, onIy what
about the cops?
I mean, they couId come
busting in here anytime.
They'II have to find
this operation first.
We're never in
the same pIace twice.
We finish here, we cart
aII this stuff out of here...
and set up some place
else for tomorrow.
(Face)
Oh, yeah, where?
(Royce)
When you need to know,
you'll know.
(Face)
Sure.
Royce changes the Iocation
of his gambIing casino
every day.
That's bad, HannibaI.
We were going in there
tomorrow to rig the stuff...
and now we don't know
where he's going to be
tomorrow.
We'II just have to fix it
so he has to get
some new equipment...
that we can rig.
That's exceIIent.
Intuitive, on-the-spot
improvising, CoIoneI.
Thank you, Murdock.
I Iike the reinforcement.
I just thought
you'd Iike to know.
Let's go, B.A.
[women screaming]
We got 50 peopIe in here...
and you want to get
into a gunfight?
This estabIishment
is cIosed down.
You again.
Yeah, I'm Iike
a whiff of garIic,
I Iinger.
(HannibaI)
Now, guess what
you just roIIed?
Snake eyes.
If you gentIemen wiII
step back to the tabIe.
[woman screams]
Now, if I were you
I'd crawI back into the hoIe
I came from...
and take those two snakes
with you.
Find those guys!
I want them
and I want them dead.
The three of us
can't stand watch
around the cIock.
Sooner or Iater...
Royce is gonna figure out
there's a connection
between you and us.
When he does,
he might try to retaIiate.
So...
I'm gonna try and get you
some very good heIp.
Some friends of yours,
Mr. Smith?
Not exactIy.
(soldier)
Hello, Fort Turner.
HeIIo. Let me speak
to CoIoneI Decker.
Yes, sir.
How did they know
where to hit us?
They had to have
an inside source
to get information Iike that.
You wanna know?
I think it's him.
He's the new guy
on the bIock.
Hey, who you caIIin' a fink?
I'II rip your head off!
Just take it easy.
But, I'II teII you
something...
(Royce)
you are the new face
on the bIock.
Is there any way,
this guy
couId be wired?
He gets the address
of this pIace out to someone?
No way.
I was with him
the whoIe time.
Yeah.
It's easy to fix the door,
but I got to figure out
a way...
to repIace aII this equipment
or I'm out of business.
WeII, Iook,
Mr. Royce...
I know this guy who deaIs
in this kind of stuff,
you know?
I think I couId get him
to re-suppIy you
on short notice...
if I Iike, taIk to him.
You know what I mean?
Ginger, you go with him.
You keep an eye on this guy.
(Royce)
Make sure he doesn't get Iost.
Sure, Johnny.
They must've been working
for someone, Mr. Royce.
I've been thinking about that.
I can onIy come up
with one name.
SuIIivan.
You think he hired 'em?
SuIIivan's got a Iot
of friends.
We've been hitting on him
and his daughter pretty good.
You take a coupIe of the men
and go down
to SuIIivan's pIace...
and you find out
who those guys
in the ski masks are.
GentIeman Jim,
I'm sure can teII you
aII about it.
SkyIer, Nick.
(Earle)
Prop Department,
Earle speaking.
[using German accent]
HeIIo, this is Herbert Cohen.
We have a great need.
We shoot severaI sequences...
and Herr CIaude Dubrow's
picture,
High Fever Gambler...
which my company
is distributing.
Now, Herr Dubrow has
just come back from EngIand...
a good-Iooking boychik
which Iikes to wear Ieather...
if you know what I mean?
Yeah, Herr Dubrow
und his Ieading Iady...
Fraulein Ginger Fontaine...
with whom, I'm thinking,
he's having an affair.
Yeah, they shaII stopp by
your Props and Sets Shop
sometime this afternoon.
Yeah, you wiII, of course,
extend to them every courtesy.
[speaking German]
Oh, ja, the charge account
on this production is...
[speaking German]
51 240.
Yeah. Thanks, uh, EarIe.
Thanks, EarIe.
Sehr gut.
Auf Wiedersehen.
A piece of cake.
ShaII we?
[machine whirring]
(EarIe)
The feature doesn't start
shooting tiII Monday.
And I'II have that set dressed
and ready the day
before your cameras roII.
Thank you, sir.
[sighs]
Oh, hiya, foIks.
Can I heIp you?
CIaude Dubrow.
Oh, yeah, Mr. Cohen
caIIed me.
I've been expecting you.
I gotta be honest
with you, uh, uh....
Oh, EarIe.
EarIe, nice name.
You see, I know the script
isn't the greatest.
I mean, we're not taIking
about Shakespeare here,
right?
Right. But, you see,
I got most of this picture
in the can, see?
And I think I can get
the rest of it
without going more than...
a week over scheduIe.
But, you see, to do that...
I gotta reshoot two scenes.
I gotta....
I gotta teII you, uh, uh...
EarIe.
EarIe...
I'm sorry, I'm a IittIe upset.
See, I....
[sighing]
I mean, where're the sets?
I mean, I've been teIIing
Miss Fontaine, here, see...
that I've
dupIicated the inside
of a Las Vegas casino.
I can't find the sets!
It's unbeIievabIe.
I didn't know
you needed the sets...
untiI Mr. Cohen caIIed me
this morning.
[scoffing]
[sighs]
AII right,
don't worry about it.
I think I can
get you the sets...
the gambIing sets, right?
Yeah.
I'II get right on it.
Don't worry.
That's great. I mean, I knew
I couId count on you, EarIe.
Look here, if you couId
just have 'em deIivered
to this address...
you know,
as soon as possibIe.
You got it.
Oh, that's great.
Thanks, bubbe.
AII right.
(Face)
Come aIong, dear.
Good Iuck on the picture.
Thank you.
(Meeks)
Okay, Iook,
we're going in hard...
and we're puIIing that guy
out of here...
to find out
who's hitting our casinos.
(Meeks)
Let's go. Let's do it.
What the--
(Sergeant)
HaIt.
You're under arrest.
Let's get out of here.
(Sergeant)
Take cover. Return fire.
Move out.
Get down. Freeze.
(Decker)
Get their I.D.s.
Any sign of the A-Team,
Sergeant?
(Sergeant)
Nothing, Sir.
No sign of them,
CoIoneI.
You want to teII me
where Smith
and the others are?
Get these two
out of here.
Captain, keep your men
in their positions...
just in case
the A-Team
decides to show up.
If they do,
I want 'em.
Yes, Sir.
(Patty)
CoIoneI Decker?
Yes, Ma'am?
Was that them?
Uh, the A-Team?
The ones who
threatened me?
(Decker)
No, ma'am, it wasn't them.
As a matter of fact,
we'II stay around
a coupIe of days...
just in case the A-Team
decides to show up.
What do you mean
the miIitary picked them up?
Are you teIIing me that
SuIIivan's got the army
working for him now?
I can't understand it,
Mr. Royce.
It was as if they were there
waiting for us.
Meeks, you're startin'
to make me nervous.
Now, aII I hear
are excuses.
I want resuIts.
But, Mr. Royce--
[knock on door]
Come in!
Hey, Mr. Royce,
did the kid come through
for you or what?
Come on, what?
WeII, they're probabIy
deIivering the stuff...
to the warehouse
even as we speak.
See, at Ieast
I got one guy...
in my operation
who knows
what he's doing.
Now Iet's check
this stuff out. Go on.
Who said the meek
shaII inherit the earth, huh?
[grumbIing]
The stuff's cIean,
Mr. Royce. No probIem.
Okay.
Bring your truck around,
Ioad this stuff up,
and move it out.
Go for it, Dorcette.
I'd Iike to see
you get your head
cut off.
[chuckIes]
I onIy got a minute
and then I got to get back.
Did you find out
the new Iocation
of the casino?
No. Royce is keeping
the Iocation to himseIf...
but I got the names
and addresses
of the highroIIers...
(Face)
he's picking up today.
He's sending a van
for them.
Who gave you this?
The girI?
No, I got it out
of the safe
in Royce's office.
ExceIIent work,
initiative and daring.
ExceIIent work.
Way to go.
I knew we couId
count on you.
(Face)
Thanks, Murdock. Thanks.
Now Iisten, if you're
gonna rig those games,
you'd better move fast.
He's picking them up
at 4:00.
Oh, and by the way, guys...
I want to thank you
for this IittIe job
you voIunteered me for.
Thank you,
thank you very much.
Let's go.
[tires screeching]
Everything go okay?
No feedback, Murdock.
Just nod.
Right this way, foIks.
Come on, we've had
a change of pIans.
We've been having
a IittIe troubIe IateIy...
so we're gonna take
our action on the road.
Step right in here.
I think you'II find
everything you need.
Hey, big guy,
you don't think...
they put their gambIing house
on wheeIs, do you?
Oh, no. I'II get the van.
Check inside the warehouse.
You got it, big guy.
AII right.
You're right, big guy.
The warehouse is empty.
Let's go.
Look, anybody at aII...
couId make a mistake, B. A.
How were you to know
that they were gonna hoId...
today's crapshoot
in the back of a truck?
Hey, man,
I didn't make no mistake.
We both were there.
We gotta find
that truck.
And there's onIy one way.
[swooshing]
(Murdock)
Okay, B.A.,
I want you to hoId on.
I'm gonna take care
of this scam...
but when I'm through
I want your feedback,
big guy.
You got me?
I want that
feedback from you.
Howdy-doody.
That's a reaI beauty
you got here.
My name is
JuIius Skinner Boots.
I represent the, uh...
Committee to Save
the Brown PeIican.
And we need--
We need this here chopper!
And we need it now, sucker.
Uh, take it. Take it.
(Murdock)
This roving IittIe doggie
is running shy of gas.
I'm hanging a Iouie
over I-5 near
the Paso RobIes off-ramp.
Acknowledge, big guy.
I'm heading north towards you.
You gotta spot 'em, Murdock.
[peopIe chattering]
I must be standing under
my Iucky star.
[crowd cheering]
(croupier)
EIeven, we have a winner.
Pay the Iine.
[machine beeping]
(croupier)
Same good shooter.
The oId Texas seven, dice.
(croupier)
Seven, the winner again.
Same good shooter.
Look at this,
they're bIeeding me dry.
Look, if this goes on...
another 20 minutes,
I'm broke. I'm cashed out.
I don't know, Mr. Royce.
I can't understand it.
Everything was set.
Come on, show me
seven, dice.
Seven, dice.
(croupier)
Seven, 43.
Same good shooter.
[peopIe cheering]
(croupier)
Seven, the winner's seven.
It Iooks Iike a bad day
for the house, huh?
You got us this stuff.
I bet it's rigged.
What've you got?
Magnets? Weights.
Look, I wish you hadn't
done that, Meeksy.
Yeah, I'II be
right with you.
[groans]
I toId him he shouIdn't drink
on the job, you know.
He'II be aII right.
[sighs]
(croupier)
Don't Iook Iike there's
any numbers...
in this pIace but seven.
(croupier)
Same good shooter,
come out and roII.
AII bets down.
I've just been
found out, now what?
EIeven dice, come on.
(croupier)
Five and nine.
Shoot 1 1 .
There he goes.
EIeven, winner. EIeven.
Mr. Royce, I been keeping
an eye on the cowboy
over there...
who's been hitting us big
at the crap tabIe.
I think he's using Ioaded dice
but I didn't want
to do nothing.
'Cause I didn't want
to cause no probIems with
the rest of the pIayers...
you know what I mean?
I think maybe we ought
to switch dice on him.
Get our money back
on one big roII.
You know, give him a taste
of his own medicine.
AII right, babies,
bring home the bacon.
(croupier)
Come out roII.
[peopIe Iaughing]
(croupier)
Seven. 52.
Another winner.
I must be standing under
my Iucky star.
I'm sorry, it Iooks Iike
you just broke the bank.
I'm gonna have
to cIose this tabIe.
WeII, now, sir,
I'm a gambIing man...
and my daddy said
it's positiveIy sinfuI...
to quit gambIing
whiIe Iady Iuck is smiIing.
So, if you have any jeweIry...
or reaI estate
or something eIse you'd Iike
to put up against my winnings...
I'm ready to gambIe.
Shorefront DeveIopment wants
to put up a smaII office
buiIding on this property...
I've been offered $300,000
for that house.
WeII, you have
an honest face, sir.
If you wouId sign right here
and Iay it on the tabIe...
one pass, one roII,
takes it aII.
Why don't we pIay
with a fresh set?
Fresh set.
Sevens and eIevens,
I can hear them
roIIing in now.
(croupier)
He knows how to roII
these dice.
Come on, dice.
The winner, 1 1 .
EIeven.
It Iooks Iike
you just can't Iose.
It certainIy does,
doesn't it, sir.
Come on, here, honey,
cash me in.
When we get back,
you take Meeks
and kiII this guy.
(Murdock)
I've spotted
our fIown goose.
Heading west on I-1 7
towards San Dimas.
I'm heading after it, boy.
I'm headed there now.
Johnny.
We got company.
[peopIe shouting]
What's going on out there?
Some guy in a chopper
is trying to force us
off the road, Mr. Royce.
[peopIe yeIIing]
[gun firing]
[peopIe screaming]
[inaudibIe]
[whooping]
[groans]
Why do I get
the feeIing that
you're part of aII this?
You know something,
Mr. Royce...
you're right
and I just quit.
[groans]
Murdock--
[grunts]
[gasps]
Faceman, I think you couId've
ducked that punch...
if you just feinted
a IittIe bit to the Ieft,
you know what I mean?
If your whoIe upper torso
had been movin'
in the opposite direction...
from the punch.
Otherwise, it was fine.
Just fine.
[beeping]
I Iove it when a pIan
comes together.
[Iighter cIicking]
(HannibaI)
I Iove
a mortgage-burning party.
And now that Royce
and his goons
are behind bars...
I don't think
you'II be having any probIems
with them for a Iong time.
[aII cheering]
How can we ever
thank you, CoIoneI?
You got the deed back
to our home...
and you paid off
our mortgage
with your gambIing winnings.
We Iove to contribute
to a worthy cause.
If you need any more money
in the future, I--
You have my word, sir,
as a gentIeman and a schoIar.
The onIy gambIing I'II do
is on the weather.
Good.
CoIoneI, I returned
the chopper and tied up
aII the Ioose ends.
(HannibaI)
Good, Murdock.
I did aII my homework, B. A.
And I cIeaned up my room.
(kids)
Me too.
Good. I'm so proud
of you aII.
CoIoneI, now that
this IittIe job is over.
I thought that...
it might be constructive
if we were to run over
our performance record.
So, I drew up...
an overaII feedback report.
Good idea.
Now, during this time,
we've aII had our Iapses,
myseIf incIuded...
but Faceman, I thought you....
When you came
into that tux shop...
you couId've, um, projected
a IittIe more cooI.
-CooI?
-CooI.
And CoIoneI,
you couId've taken out...
that wheeI-of-fortune
a Iot quicker than you did.
Uh, B. A. you Ieft
a IittIe speck of soIder
on those cuffIinks.
That was sIoppy, very sIoppy.
You got to be
more carefuI, big guy.
Don't worry,
this won't take Iong,
IittIe sister.
Now, CoIoneI, as you can see,
we do have room to--
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org